docs(hmr-plugin): fix information about usage hmr plugin (#1273)
ngxs/store: docs/plugins/hmr.md

Update src/main.ts to use the file we just created:

```ts
import { platformBrowserDynamic } from '@angular/platform-browser-dynamic';
import { enableProdMode, NgModuleRef } from '@angular/core';

import { AppModule } from './app/app.module';
import { environment } from './environments/environment';

if (environment.production) {
  enableProdMode();
}

> const bootstrap: () => Promise<NgModuleRef<AppModule>> = (): Promise<NgModuleRef<AppModule>> =>

Reviewer: Max, please, remove that redundant type definition, really hard to read IMO for the single user :pray:. This is automatically inferred:
```ts
platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule); // Promise<NgModuleRef<AppModule>>
```

  platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule);

if (environment.hmr) {

>   import('@ngxs/hmr-plugin').then(({ hmr }) =>

Reviewer: We don't use destructing for the better readability. As you've seen with `ctx: StateContext`. What about `then(plugin => ...)`? Up to you here.

Author: done

    hmr(module, bootstrap).catch((err: Error) => console.error(err))
  );
} else {
  bootstrap().catch((err: Error) => console.log(err));
}
```

> For improve tree shaking after production build the `@ngxs/hmr-plugin` must be included through dynamic imports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@ngxs/hmr-plugin` should be loaded on demand using dynamic import thus this can benefit more readily from tree shaking.
```

Author: done
